everybody's another glorious sunny day
of northernlion playing the binding of
issac afterbirth plus where we have just
been gifted victories where mostly we've
had some runs that have been mildly
mediocre but this is probably not going
to be one of them based on the fact that
it's Azazel and we got 48 7 vs so if
you'd like to have 487 vs we can give
you that I don't want to tell you what
the V stands for we've also got 36 new
jerseys we're looking to offload those
at a relatively low price I don't know I
don't know anything about New Jersey I
just know that it was a well that's not
true
I have been I've driven through parts of
New Jersey so I would say that makes me
an expert all I know is I feel bad for
New Jersey people who live in New Jersey
what are they called the constant
gardeners because it's called the Garden
State but the thing is they were like a
late-night host
punching gag you know be like well you
hear Prime Minister Trudeau is going to
accept 25,000 Syrian refugees what's
next accepting 12 people from New Jersey
and you're in the black mmm but I've
never been to your glorious state as I
understand it Bruce Springsteen's from
there maybe every song that he ever
wrote was about getting out of New
Jersey but still it must suck to be kind
of like a punching bag especially second
hand like if you've been to a place and
you've spent some time there you're
allowed to trash-talk it like it because
you're intimately familiar with the
details like if I was ever to leave
Vancouver and I love the city don't get
me wrong but I would be able to
trash-talk it I'd be like yeah you know
you can't shake a stick without find
another coffee shop where a drip coffees
$12 and you know you get served by a
dude who has a hairnet for his beard
there's nothing wrong with that I say as
someone who's you know electric razor
got lost in his luggage which has yet to
arrive at my domicile despite the
assurances of Air Canada staff that it
would be there within the next day or so
either way I've lived here so I know I
know how to hurt the city to its core
but whenever people who haven't been to
Vancouver are like wow you know you just
won the lottery a hundred million
dollars or as I call it a single-family
detached house in Vancouver I'm like get
out of my city you don't get to say that
we get to say that okay cuz we live in
it so that all I'm saying is I
sympathize with you New Jersey I have a
friend I don't have friends who live in
New Jersey I have a friend who lives in
New Jersey you know what he's a mighty
nice guy he's a dentist he's offered me
free dental work but he won't pay for
the flight for me to get to New Jersey
so how free is it it's probably better
for me to just drive to Burnaby and then
you know get it done there anyway the
point is is getting to localized but you
got to cut me some slack because we're
playing as Azal here which is really
like the closest thing to a free win
that you can get next to being Isaac see
that's a little Isaac based humor for
you right there
we the only path to a loss via Azazel is
essentially having no range and then
wilfully choosing to fight the hush and
perhaps also void or delirium so we're
going to do that perhaps if the run
shakes out properly my ideal path to
victory as Azazel is you get dark Judas
unlike your first deal with the devil
and then just respawn can we use this I
can't officially say no but I'm guessing
that sulphuric Tears just does not work
based on the fact that it didn't seem to
work right there
we'll start with PhD as well and I'm
drowsy as an okay pill relaxes an okay
pale little unfortunate we've really
done a number on our donation machine on
like donation machine very recently was
that nine hundred and ninety nine cents
we've taken it back oh my god down to
under 700 here but it's because we have
freedom now
10 cents we could get deep pockets but I
don't really want to mill our donation
machine too hard it's like I imagine if
you're saving for retirement you know
maybe you want to have like let's say
800,000 dollars in your bank account
before retirement I'm not saying that
that's a reasonable number especially if
you're like 16 years old right now you
might be thinking that's a lot of money
but you got to account for you know
inflation the fact that you might live
to be literally infinity years old you
know down years in the market even if
you're conservatively invested etc etc
but let's just say 800,000 I'm sure when
you're at seven hundred ninety thousand
you go hey we shouldn't spend that much
money we're almost to our retirement
goal and then when you get to eight
hundred thousand you're like all right
time to live off this right that's where
we're at with our donation machine or at
least that's where we were at recently
is like you know you're at nine hundred
and fifty cents don't blow up your
donation machine we could get it to 999
then we got it to 999 and we're like all
right let's enjoy the downward spiral
you know getting this thing back down to
nearly zero probably Wow did you see the
approach this gentleman took here I do
not support it either way there we go
finally a pill worthy of the PhD
purchase I sometimes worry that because
I really believe that violent video
games are probably the greatest scourge
facing our nation's youth I mean I grew
up playing extremely violent video games
like the brothers who are super in Mario
and Diablo and it had just a twisted
effect on my psyche as you can tell but
it sometimes worried that Isaac is
setting a bad example for the for the
kids out there just because you have a
PhD doesn't mean it makes all pills good
trust me there are still some bad pills
I say that as if I've ever taken a bad
pill of my life which is actually not
like I had I genuinely have not maybe
there has been a time where I've take it
because you know on the bottle when
you're young you feel invincible and you
go I got a headache
I'm going to take some Tylenol and then
the bottle says you know take one every
two hours and you go come on I can take
it I'm going to take two on my first one
here it's quite the headache but that's
young and reckless you know you should
follow that advice to the letter I think
but I'm not very pharmaceutically
inclined I've also never like you know
broken my leg horribly or something like
that but my my nerdiest like goody
two-shoes story is definitely you know I
had testicular surgery when I was 16 to
repair a hydrocele I'm just going to
blow you up
I want that deal with the devil which is
not even close to life-threatening I
feel like a lot of people would would
spin that out for like some kind of
sympathy but really it's like getting a
mole removed except the mole is inside
of your totem and requires cutting
through the scrotum in order to get to
it but anyway the point is they gave me
tylenol threes which if you're not
familiar are tylenol with codeine in it
which is a somewhat powerful painkiller
it's it's an under the counter
painkiller is that what they call it
it's not oh you can't just buy it you
got to like get a prescription from a
pharmacist or a doctor I should say
anyway I prided myself on being a moron
so you know I took none of the tylenol
threes or I might have taken one of the
townhall 3s and then I was like I don't
need these looks like that paid
dividends to blow up that judgment back
there and instead I I don't remember if
I threw the rest of them in the trash
but I definitely disposed of the rest of
them and then later I was like it was it
was so needlessly full of bravado in a
way that gets me no street cred
whatsoever who cares yeah okay you had
surgery on your balls and then you
didn't take a painkiller that the doctor
said hey you should probably take this
painkiller I'm in the business of
following doctor's orders now and then
the flipside of that and it's the proof
that you know you always get
deserve in this life which is obviously
false but at the same time let's pretend
it's true for this bit when I had my
wisdom teeth taken out it was like I'm
not trying to scare you here this is 6
range ups pills
this is actually like ideal azazel you
know money-making opportunities here
when it get to like 32 range basically
when I had my wisdom teeth taken out it
was like the most pain I've ever felt in
my adult life I imagine there were
probably things you know maybe being
born hurt more but I don't remember much
of that so not on a physical level
that's mostly you know your mom is in
pain there so I that's what they always
say but I don't know they might just be
milking it for attention please don't
hurt me um but it really is more the
philosophical pain of like I'm leaving
the warm embrace of the womb for a cold
universe that doesn't care about me even
but you get over it eventually but yeah
like that the it was unpleasant fine it
was unpleasant to have my wisdom teeth
taken out borderline pay painful
probably sure to ask for more freezing
but you know in my Canadian nature when
the dentist goes like do you feel any
pain after he's already frozen you I
just go no because I don't want him to
feel that he's bad at his job
I would rather experience excruciating
pain but then have the benefit of you
know maintaining the decorum of
politeness but afterwards extremely
painful recovery you're probably going
to be fine if you're on the underside
you have an edge wisdom teeth taken out
I know when I was when I was in high
school my kaleil Fox had his wisdom
teeth taken out what he was like 16 he
was back at school like two days later
and though I think that the day he took
off he didn't even have to take off but
you might as well because you know you
get that's one of the few times no one's
going to judge you for taking the day
off in North America as you're like I
just had a licensed professional use a
drill to remove a piece of bone from my
job
but yeah the dentist was like you
shouldn't have done this when you're so
old you should have done
you were younger okay thanks a lot and
then I wanted some higher grade
painkillers because I'd literally was in
pain there was no recreation involved
here and the dentist gave me literally
the dental assistant pulled out a
Kirkland brand huge bottle of ibuprofen
and they gave me some and I was like I
could have just gone down to the Costco
and gotten this you guys are giving me
four dollars worth of over-the-counter
painkillers I was I was in agony for a
couple of days at least
anyway that's the end of this story
I don't I'm not afraid of the dentist
and have never really been and I'm still
not to this day because after the wisdom
teeth stuff I don't know give me a root
canal I don't I don't care for the most
part but yeah
let this be if I if I could give you
what the most adult piece of advice
young adult piece of advice many of you
people William you'll please people many
of you people are going to be like in
college right now and you're going to be
on either a dental plan for your school
you're going to be on a dental plan via
your parents for their work or something
like that
if you are your wisdom teeth taken out
there's no negatives except that it's
slightly inconvenient but trust me
better to you know either get it done
for free or have to get don't only have
to pay like twenty percent of it then to
have to pay for a hundred percent of it
and also be older when I don't know I'm
taking this you know second hand for my
dentist but my dentist was like if you
have this done when you're like 16 to 22
it's no problem you had it done at 26
and it was like those teeth did not want
to leave they were in a rent-controlled
job but I was
by the way boring topic for conversation
but that's kind of my brands my idea is
that we can mill it for some kind of
absurd humor later it was the root of my
paranoia is how my dental experience
went wisdom teeth wise because I was on
my parents plan or my colleges dental
plan for like literally my entire life
until maybe the age of 24 but always go
like I didn't go to dentists once every
once every six months in college because
come on
there's keggers to go to but I did go
like once a year
when I was you know back at my parents
house they'd be like let's go to the
dentist any some vegetables that seems
like a good idea and every time I was
like should I get my wisdom teeth taken
out seems like a good time and then I uh
you know we don't take them out anymore
unless it seems like there's going to be
a problem you know we did the x-rays it
looks good as soon as I come off of the
insurance all these wisdom teeth are
looking oh they're impacted and probably
how did you let it get this bad I don't
understand isn't that painful and you're
like good good one I don't know if we
had like bad insurance from our school
or something like that but yeah so
that's look I love the Zayn azazel soy
milk is not Zayn it's just horrendously
annoying if I can reroll it I will but
I'm happy to let that one go you
literally just stop doing damage is what
that means you can fire a lot faster
I'll give you that so I'm not saying you
should insist I mean I think you should
follow your dentists orders if you
haven't had your wisdom teeth taken out
but I was a little mad that the I felt
like this dentist was like a mechanic
yeah you guys are out of warranty now
we're going to need to replace the
entire car with solid gold parts that
being said in the end I think our
dentist gave us a break it wasn't very
expensive common misconception you don't
get free dental care in Canada medical
care yes dental care no and that's the
end of that it's the end of that tangent
let's take stock of where this runs ed I
think without a reroll room we basically
cannot lose so we should be in the
business of looking for fun synergies I
still maintain that soy milk is not one
of them
with a 100% deal with the devil chance
here obviously like real brimstone and
then combine that with like homing tears
and like you know monstros long or
something like that I want to shoot like
electricity tentacles out of my body
here if we can accomplish that I'll
consider this run a success even though
we've talked about that same dental
story that I've talked about many times
in the past but you know I want you to I
don't love your only experience if
you're on the younger side to be
listening to the other people on the NSS
talk about going to the dentist because
I think we exist on a spectrum I am a
steps to right yeah I am a cartoonish
depiction of an adult I'm like going you
should always pay your taxes and
everyone goes put a shield and then Nick
is like a begrudging adult he's like you
know you ever see that picture on
Twitter that's like why the heck
everything got it costs money
Nick's in that stage of adulthood and I
completely resonate and understand with
that as well rob is still in the state
of rebelling against adulthood you know
he's like I think dentistry is a scam
and I understand that I've been there at
points in my life but I'm past it I
don't want you to just take what I'm
saying
please let me into the shop I don't want
you to just take what I'm saying at face
value and go NL's right I just want you
to have a broad spectrum of opinions on
adulthood I think that's something the
analysis is very good at is that we're
all not just at different places in our
lives but we all want different things
we're all we're all at different places
and we're all you know getting there via
a different mode of transportation like
bear taffy is adults but he also
maintains and I think he does this
willfully a little bit of that childlike
wonder you know he's like an adult but
he's like I will eat a popsicle every
day nothing wrong with that you know
it's a healthy little bit of a childhood
enjoyment it's I'm not saying I eat
quinoa for a snack I'm just saying you
know when I eat a popsicle I go I
shouldn't be in this popsicle he goes
psychologically there is a good reason
to eat this popsicle and I think he said
I think you've got a lot going right in
that situation Austin is like it's like
Rob but I'm trying to think of where I
want to draw this distinction I think
Rob is aware that the decisions that he
makes as a young adult are not
necessarily ideal but he feels like he's
in a deterministic universe to have to
do them anyway he's like this thing is
not good but I'm going to do it anyway
Austin on the other hand is like this
thing that I'm opting out of is the
right way to do it like we had a
conversation about dress clothes the
other day and he's like I don't see why
I should have to wear nice clothes to a
funeral I feel like and I love Austin
don't get me wrong I love this topic of
conversation as well because it's
ridiculous and that's exactly what I
look for in my life obviously like this
we want everything here we got some Zane
I respect this and we can smelt up
trinkets smelter orders suck up drinking
some out there and get a permanent speed
upgrade as well and then what have we
got here what do we got here we should
have saved food for this that's an
amateur mistake I'll tell you what drive
a bay Austin is like he believes that
he's fighting on the right side of
history for this stuff Rob would be like
I'm gonna wear you know a t-shirt to the
funeral because that's all that's clean
but I recognize that that's kind of a
bad thing
Austin would be like society's ideals
have
no bearing on the way I choose to live
my life and I respect that in its own
way as well I think I at the biased suit
I think I'm too old to not own a suit
you know what would actually trigger
this for me was when I went to my I mean
I mean this is not bragging it's just
setting up the situation because it's a
weird thing to brag about okay I just
want to make that clear when I was at my
old high school's graduation I wore like
a polo shirt and okay jeans and then I
got there and everyone was basically not
wearing a suit necessarily but like
dress clothes almost except for me and I
mean I grew up in the kind of town where
people would like they'd wear dress
clothes but then it also have like a hat
with their favorite snowmobile brand on
it they'd be like you know I'm
interested but the Polaris hat doesn't
come off or anything so I was like if
I'm underdressed here it's time
as someone who's nearly 30 and that
honestly I'm such an adult that that
statement actually excites me I'm like
30 bags are going to start to trust me
soon I can rent a car at like the
average rate soon not that I've ever
rented a car but you know I could now is
the thing like I just got to get a suit
I'm not even like fighting the good
fight I'm not anti suit I'm just like a
the problem is I've never had a
situation where I've had to wear a suit
twice in one month so I always like I
should probably wear a suit for this
thing but I'm not going to just wear a
suit or like I'm not going to go buy a
suit and then wear it once and then put
it in the closet and the next time I
need a suit is going to be like I don't
know it could be like four years from
now so it hasn't been cost-effective but
I think you know Lord willing my body is
roughly in the same state the same
configuration that it's going to be in
for like the next 20 years at least
let's be realistic probably going to
pack on a few pounds it's the way it
seems to go but that's alright we can
always just get it taken out in the
stomach if something tailor's can do I'm
sure it bothers me because I see like
you know nineteen year old student
athletes wearing suits and I go I don't
own a suit this person was born in like
the year 2000
they own a suit I got to get on that
like I'm falling behind maybe maybe not
I don't know because I'm not buying the
suit because I'd look nice in it buying
a suit because basically I'm going to
pay like probably a few hundred - you
know just over a thousand dollars to
stop feeling like I'm underdressed when
I go to important events like weddings
and funerals I'm definitely not a guy
that's like I'm going to get a tailored
suit probably I don't know that strikes
me as a mouse thing do we have any
interest in piercing shots they would
Doubleday you know what I say we give it
a freakin try here and honestly I'm
going to go for the hush fight and the
reason is I would rather die on the hush
fight then just win the run in 21
minutes and have people think that I'm a
little baby right so let's buy this and
I mean we'll just buy everything Saul
gave me father why should we bother buy
everything but Billy Billy Talent
are they still popular when I was in
tenth grade this is a Canadian band by
the way so it might be a little bit of
an exclusive to Canada reference I don't
know Billy Talent ever made the
crossover wouldn't surprise me
necessarily but hmm okay I have an idea
I think that we do we want to this is a
weird one first off we don't care about
these but we also do not want teleport
so it's kind of a confusing situation
there is a battery charge for sale okay
so I think we do not want to ruin
permanent polaroid invincibility so we
should suck up this room that gave us
almost no benefit and then we got a
couple of options here I think the
correct course of action is you take
Virgo and the invincibility from virgos
like pretty good we should have looked
to see if we could have gotten a black
market first though because luck
upgrades please it's plausible we could
have traded bloodbag on the black market
for something a little bit more valuable
I think here we don't want blood rights
in what is kind of a it's almost like
this is a trick question on the Isaac
exam I'm pretty sure that what we want
to do is take the straw and then drop it
back down and then suck it up so we have
it for later and the straw once every
six rooms is not really worth very much
at all but so King baby plus dry baby
actually is a pretty good combination to
block shots especially we can just stay
in a line here but I mean this is going
to be an annoying
hush fight I don't think there's much
question about that rate of fire is like
completely fine let's get these yeah
that's the idea right there try to get
these guys in a position so that they
can actually block shots a lot of these
shots are going to come in on an angle
and as a result it's going to be a
little tougher for us to block them but
it's actually like the most useful I've
ever seen king baby be king baby bees
you know oh my god and they'll know
smash broz I thought he was a hundred
years I was there when Smash Bros one
came out okay a few people watching this
will probably not even alive you were
just a twinkle in your dad's nutsack
before you know super smash brothers
melee came out I was there when 64 came
out all right friends telling me it's
not okay to pick up the laser gun as Fox
because Fox already has a laser gun how
is it fair that you get two guns and we
get zero it's not a laser gun it's a
blaster it is true that that's my
impression of myself as a ten-year-old
I'm glad we at least took it upon
ourselves to give this a try down here
oh I remembered I was going to say now
is talking about that Hulk come on it's
talking about that Billy talent
situation that was like the biggest
concert that ever came to my hometown
when I was in college they're not
college sorry
that would be when Broken Social Scene
played at stages but now Billy Talent
played at AJ's hangar when I was in when
I was in high school and it was an
all-ages show and it was like if you're
anybody who's anybody he's going to that
Billy talent show so I stayed home we
didn't get you know bands that you could
find out much music all that often so it
was a big it was a big milestone for us
I should I know how to dodge this shot
this is what bothers me I'm just I've
chosen to be more aggressive on this
hush fight and that could lead to my
demise here although at this point we're
probably relatively set what's going on
there those shots were not those were
not continuum shots at first we're not
hitting anything it's okay there we go
honestly this is like the best attack
for us which doesn't happen too often
that that's what you're actually looking
for but that's like the best attack for
us because it's very y'all I tried to
just keep it as safe as possible very
easy to dodge with with high speed at
least all I need is for like I could get
hit one more time and be fine if I get
into two more times I don't like very
comedy we're going to beat this fight
but if I get it two more times anything
could happen on the Cathedral like it
one more time I'm pretty confident we
did it was it worth it I mean under no
circumstances but do keep in mind I did
pay three spirit hearts for a piercing
shot upgrade that does nothing for us so
at the same time I'm also like it's not
like I just played badly and put us in a
bad situation
like I jokes on you guys that was just
pretending to be bad I would love some
HP
you gotta added a little spice on an
Azazel run right like otherwise what's
the point
we do have PhD feels like I'm walking on
sunshine is actually kind of I've come
to believe that this is actually like
not a good pill for the most part it's
not bad but it's also like just not all
that's huge
it's also just not that meaningful at
all because it does so little damage
it's nice for a blood bank or a demon
judgement or something like that but
anyway
I think my defining characteristic on a
personal level at least the the side of
the personality that I showed it videos
is I have lucked into a job where I can
be free of all adult responsibilities
Moute well some adult responsibilities
and then you can really draw a line
between the members of the people who
are on the NL SS based on how they've
reacted to that I'm grateful but at the
same time I feel guilty you know I think
Rob is sort of on that same line austin
is on some Tim Ferriss stuff where he's
like this is the right way to live your
life I don't know opposite it's kind of
an insult to call Austin Tim Ferriss
because he's not working a 4-hour
workweek usually working like an eighty
four hour workweek and you should know
from my a pink okay let's pop it we did
get that's from Serpent's kiss I think
though you should know from my you know
how many times have I said that I hate
the expression work smart not hard work
smart and hard you should know from my
opinion on working smart and hard that
you know I respect Austin's work ethic
to an enormous deal just interesting to
tease out these differences and
personalities the kind of stuff I think
about is worth you know making a bit on
the NL SS I'm like how am I going to try
to tease out the things that make us
different in a comedic fashion I think
the people you know that watch it and
then chat kind of see a little of
themselves in some of the NL SS members
as well and that's important
nobody sees themselves in me though
which I accept I'm willing to be the
vanguard of criticism for the for the
show I'm just surprised that's all
because I think I live a relatively
normal life yeah
might as well take Mambo I always hold
myself as having relatively reasonable
opinions but perhaps you know that's
because I hold them I would think that
they are reasonable why we did a bid on
the NL SS where I was often doesn't like
cucumber and I said that strikes me as
slightly unusual not for you because I
know you don't like many vegetables to
begin with but because cucumbers to me
seems like a very likeable vegetable he
described it as weird water which in
hindsight I can't disagree with if you
gave me a glass full of cucumbers when I
asked for water I'd be like this is
weird is the old glass full of X and a
restaurant a philosophical experiment
but anyway he's not wrong about that but
I was like if you asked one hundred
school-aged children I'm not going to
get in the minutiae of what is and isn't
a school-aged child but anyway II didn't
affect our range that of Rebbe of
brimstone that's right Linda beam if you
have to 100 school-aged children I think
you would find that cucumber is one of
the most liked vegetables of course you
know in North America that was really
bad
in North America you got potatoes you
got corn yeah carrots these are all
going to be beloved then somebody in
Chad first off they were like nah
cucumbers weird and I was like I don't
understand your opinion on this then
they went well we had an anecdotal
someone who works as a salad bar that I
guess children frequent they might be
watching this right now I'm not
disparaging you I'm just calling into
question the veracity of your data
collection said that the most popular
vegetable where they work is banana
peppers and this sort of set me off
because I'm like but I don't buy it dude
I don't buy the banana peppers or the
most that gave us no stats I don't buy
that banana peppers are the most popular
vegetable it doesn't make sense to me in
terms of consumption like 3 banana
peppers is all you need for a sandwich
or a salad you need like you know 30
leaves a lettuce or something like
anyway I don't even know
is going with this bit we don't need
either of these i this will suck them up
we're looking for I mean if necessary we
should leave some red hearts red hard
containers on the ground if possible but
we don't need to take the money that's
my bed
if not necessary then we don't want to
ruin permanent polaroid invincibility if
we can get around it so we should still
win though and I do I feel a little bit
like I put this run in a dangerous place
with some pickups that were highly
unnecessary so I don't feel like we've
made we played badly I think we played
ok all the sneeze this sneeze no don't
leave me
the sneeze I really wanted that sneeze I
was pursuing that sneeze great a fire
got bad for a second there because a
triple shopper was still sitting pretty
it's alright to be sitting pretty this
is song from hey oh no just I mean at
that point we probably could have
afforded to not suck them up but a
little bit of extra damage means
something a little bit of damage but a
lot of luck is what we're looking for
more items do more items hold yeah oh
that's what you're looking for right
there and you know what we got permanent
already visibility give me e coli
nicely done should be like a hundred
percent set now I told you if we didn't
get hit twice on that
hush fight we weren't going to die you
got here once we'd be in a more
dangerous situation but if we got it
twice anything could have happened but
at two and a half HP we got no problem
student and as you can tell right here
will I do the void floor I don't know I
got to think about it it's the honest
answer to that question we've paused
time for about a half second not that
valuable and we're done okay honestly a
fairly fun as asel run for now thanks
for watching I hope you've enjoyed it if
you did click the like button helps out
a great deal of course subscribe if you
wanna see more in the future but for now
thanks for watching and I'll see you
next time